---
layout: articlealt
title: "ARSA Faction Document"
date: 2024-11-26
tags: [videogame]
pdf:
---

# Faction Name
---
Galiedon Group, CEF-27
## Meta Commentary
---
I wanted to explore a rigid, almost samurai type of faction with an emphasis on growth with Galiedon. I thought the blend of natural, growth, and terraforming mixed with rigid codes and doctrine would be an interesting spin on a support based group
## Origin and Purpose 
---
CEF-27 was created to experiment with terraforming alien worlds for human habitation.  

The core goal of the Galiedon Group was to prepare planets for habitation, acting as a vanguard fleet, creating support infrastructure and terraforming worlds.

## Organizational Structure & Philosophy
---
The Galiedon Group has an emphasis on growth, but is heavily regulated from the inside to grow into the Divisions expectation for growth. 

Galiedon is run by a centralized decision making group, called the gardeners. The Gardeners are a group of senior Galiedon executives, which democratically vote on decisions that drive the direction of the Galiedon Group. Outside of the Gardeners, Galiedon Exploritors are separated into sects, which are each given a directive or have their own directive that they follow, and report to the Gardeners. Galiedon Sects can be made up of anywhere from one Exploritor, to multiple dozen. 

The Galiedon group has multiple codes and doctrines that each individual sect creates, which are approved by the Gardeners. Most Sects dedicate themselves to another part of other Exploritor divisions, their idea of growth being helping other factions reach their potential. 

*"If you don't grow, you allow yourself to wither"*

*"A dying branch must be pruned"*
## Technology and Area of Expertise
---
Galiedon mainly researches into biomechanical technologies, and the synthesis of organic-inorganic technologies. Due to the Trifolium particles irradiative properties that destroy organic particles, Galiedon has created several technologies that allow them to regenerate organic and inorganic parts from planetary biospheres, interfacing with flora and fauna.  

Galiedon's biotechnology and symbiotic nature is shown in their combat capability through support technology that allows for increased durability and regeneration, as well as increasing the capabilities of weaponry. Galiedon will sometimes ally itself with other fleets, acting fully in their role as a support group by bolstering and improving the capabilities of allied ships. Galiedon also has weaponry that flips the benefits on their heads, acting as degrading fields that make enemies prone to more damage.
## Playstyle
---
Galiedon is the typical support class in CERNUS. They have medium DPS, Health, and movement but make that up with support gadgets that allow them to heal and strengthen allies and weaken enemies. 
## Misc Notes
---
