---
layout: articlealt
title: "ARSA Faction Document"
date: 2024-11-26
tags: [videogame]
pdf:
---

# Faction Name
---
ARSA, Applied and Relativistic Sciences Agency, CEF-3
## Meta Commentary
---
The theme and idea behind ARSA is essentially the idea of unending progress and research, but with the dark side of capitalistic efficiency. ARSA, as much as it helps with science and research is also slightly disconnected with the rest of the Exploritor divisions. Their entire division is based on creating technology to "sell" to other factions, and they act almost as this Teflon style faction with almost no allegiances as they work with everyone.
## Origin and Purpose 
---
As the discovery of the trifolium particle proved most models of physics incorrect, CEF-3 was created to create a unified model of physics that proved true in all situations. ARSA presently is focused on furthering their knowledge of physics within TPEs(Theoretical Physics Engines), and finding more applications of their use. ARSA also is focused on expanding the size of their main research station, the Kallios deep space research station.

## Organizational Structure & Philosophy
---
ARSA doctrine maintains that the division is run similarly to an old earth super corporation. ARSA Exploritors, called "Agents" are separated into different subsections based on their preferences and strengths. 

ARSA sees the scientific process as a higher calling than most Exploritor divisions, as their research lays the groundwork for the majority of technology used by the CERNUS initiative. ARSA supplies the majority of research, information, and bleeding edge technology to other factions in CERNUS. ARSA operates on a trade principle, with factions trading resources, information, or territory in exchange for technology or information. 

ARSA often alienates other factions due to their opinions and philosophy on their mission, with other factions seeing them as freeloaders due to their indirect way of helping the CERNUS initiative. 

ARSA adheres to a Non-Aggression-Principle, with ARSA ships being neutral until provoked. If provoked, ARSA military doctrine calls for complete destruction of enemy forces. The rationale being ARSA as a mainly peacekeeping force should have their combat prowess be a deterrent, and examples should be made of enemies.

## Technology and Area of Expertise
---
ARSA's main area of expertise is TPEs, or Theoretical Physics Engines. These devices allow ARSA to manipulate multiple variables including forces, mass, and time to a limited extent. These TPEs are the main area of expertise of ARSA, but ARSA also does research and development of all other systems and technology. 

ARSA TPEs make up the main technology of their combat suites. Because TPEs require power and regulatory systems, ARSA technology is fragile, but has extremely potent destruction capability. 

The ARSA primary installation is a hidden research facility in deep space near the <--! REDACTED -->, which consists of multiple test areas for physics study and manipulation. The primary installation, the Kallios research sphere is a 1 light second sized bubble which consists of an area of simulated physics allowing for the study of different systems of physics and branches of relativity.
## Playstyle
---
ARSA is the defacto glass cannon and mobility based group in CERNUS. ARSA focuses on damage done in quick moments, like snipers, shotguns, and other precision weaponry.

ARSA has low health, high speed, and High damage but low damage over time. 

I want to incentivize flowing movement and team play with ARSA, with players needing to coordinate and work together for ARSA players to act as DPS. Without support, ARSA players are easily taken care of by enemies due to their low health and time between shots.

## Misc Notes
---
